README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Karl 👋

## I am a student, developer, and lifelong learner 
- 🧠 I studied computational neuroscience at Washington State University
- 🎓 I'm currently working towards a masters degree in artificial intelligence and machine learning from Colorado State University Global
- ☁ I have contributed to the [Open Alliance for Cloud Adoption (OACA)][oacaweb]
- 📚 I'm dedicated to finding a way to bridge my passions of neuroscience and technology
- 🥅 Goal for 2021: To further my understanding about the fundamentals and impacts of data science
- ⚡️ Fun fact: I love to play the drums! 🥁


### Languages and Tools:
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/c/c.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/swift/swift.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/xcode/xcode.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/wordpress/wordpress.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/tensorflow/tensorflow.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/gitkraken.svg" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />





<!--Link definitions-->
[oacaweb]: https://www.oaca-project.org

Commit message:

Updated Personal Info
- Added information about data science masterclass
- Added links to masterclass and degree program

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Karl 👋

## I am a student, developer, and lifelong learner 
- 🎓 I'm currently working towards a masters degree in artificial intelligence and machine learning from [Colorado State University Global][csug-degree]
- 📊 In the process of taking a machine learning and data science [masterclass][udemy-class]
- 🧠 I studied computational neuroscience at Washington State University
- ☁ I have contributed to the [Open Alliance for Cloud Adoption (OACA)][oacaweb]
- 📚 I'm dedicated to finding a way to bridge my passions of neuroscience and technology
- 🥅 Goal for 2021: To further my understanding about the fundamentals and impacts of data science
- ⚡️ Fun fact: I love to play the drums! 🥁


### Languages and Tools:
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/c/c.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/swift/swift.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/xcode/xcode.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/wordpress/wordpress.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/tensorflow/tensorflow.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/gitkraken.svg" />
<img align="left" height="32" width="32" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />





<!--Link definitions-->
[oacaweb]: https://www.oaca-project.org
[udemy-class]: https://www.udemy.com/course/python-for-machine-learning-data-science-masterclass/
[csug-degree]: https://csuglobal.edu/graduate/masters-degrees/artificial-intelligence-and-machine-learning
